A few years ago, Jiang Xue asked someone to harm me
I already knew this
But I didn't expect it.
The person he was looking for turned out to be his boyfriend
His kind
What can't be done for the sake of profit
Jiang Xue lied to me
The Jiang family has a father
I want to get this debt back little by little
And here's the thing.
Exhale for you and our mother
How do you want to do that?
It's over. It's over.
Zombies are over
What's up?
Stock market groups are suddenly eliminated from the capital markets
We Zombie Group
Our zombie group stock plummeted
From the original market value of billions
Now there are only a few hundred thousand left.
My years of hard work
It's all destroyed. What?
Why did Gu Zhengting do this?
Isn't he killing the gun?
It must be because of Jiang Cancan
Only he knew that Gu Zhengting had killed someone
This guy got a thousand knives
Why didn't he just die?
Husband, let's go to Story Group now
Let Gu Zhengting let us go
Hurry up, it's useless
What Gu Zhengting decided
Never change
Then we can't wait to die at home, can we?
Go fast
Hey, I'm going to change clothes, hurry up